This is Ely from binge express and today we
follow a bunch of college students on their
way to a nature cabin in the woods we will
witness an attack of a zombified family the
Buckners and attempt to beat them as
always in exciting and creative ways
let's start off with the red flags
because once we arrive at the lodge
there are multiple of those that we should talk
about first of all Holden detects a one-way mirror
in his room connecting his with Dana's which
is definitely a weird feature in a wood cabin
we all know what one way mirrors
are but how do they work exactly
well mirrors like these typically only
appear reflective in brightly lit rooms
but actually light passes through each side
equally however only those standing in the
darker lit room are able to look through it
because the reflected light of the brightly
lit room is pretty much overwhelming the
light shining through from the dark side
and therefore while the mirror looks
perfectly normal in the bright room
from the perspective of the person standing
in the darker room the mirror looks more
like a shaded window in case you wonder
where such mirrors are typically found
look no further than interrogation rooms of course
execution chambers and interestingly enough even
teleprompters where text is projected onto glass
directly in front of a film or television camera
Now discovering something like this would
definitely make me go through the house thoroughly
to see what else there is that isn't part of the
standard interior i mean it's just kind of weird
sometimes being overly paranoid can be actually
helpful who knew to do that as effectively as
possible team up in groups of two and search
one room at a time by doing that chances are
you will find more weird features and conclude
that something must be wrong with this cabin
"what the hell was that"
I mean i think the obvious big downside at this
point or once you have arrived at the cabin
is that you are constantly being watched and
controlled by the underground surveillance team
that we will talk about later at this point
though none of our characters knew about the
scheme they are trapped in and well even the
mirror from before doesn't automatically make
you figure that out for that you must
either find conclusive evidence like
actual cameras or you recite an incantation
that revives the Buckners as zombies while
one of your friends plays with the
apple of eden antichrist edition
So as Dana unknowingly revives the Buckners
as zombies there are a few scenes where our
characters didn't leverage their potential the
first encounter happens when Curt and Jules are
getting it on outdoor Marvin Gaye would be proud
geez that hand-pin though that was pretty
neat however the screaming from jewels
and the punches from Curt aren't helpful
whatsoever you're clearly facing zombies
sure you may be under shock I can understand
that but Curt seemed to be quite in control
here there were several options he had
to get Jules out of the situation alive
first of all we are in a forest and that means
the floor is uneven and potentially wet and it
seemed like they weren't far off the lodge neither
my best guess would be around 3 minutes of walking
distance which makes it easy reachable in
under a minute when running at full speed
although you might want to adjust your velocity
in relation to the woodiness of the environment
the last thing you want is a trip and fall and
perhaps even fracture a bone in this situation
The Buckners also didn't seem to have anything in
common with the zombies of world war z or train to
Busan i mean those would have been impossible
to escape from but in our case here these
zombies look more like the slow and bulky types
which is definitely a big advantage to consider
however there were three of them and all of them
were armed they were also capable of teamwork as
we can see and so our two unarmed characters
have only little chance to take them head on
the single best option is run daddy Buckner
though seems to have a bear trap flail which
is a pretty cool thing however it also has quite
a long range so you have to keep this in mind when
running away from him particularly Jules does the
exact opposite she mindlessly runs towards curt
facing dad Buckner with her back which was
obviously a dumb move she had to pay for in the
end but you don't have to okay so if you use the
trees to cover he won't be able to snatch you from
behind basically the best thing would be running
in slalom around the trees towards the lodge
this way it gives you pretty high chance to
escape and survive the attack successfully
additionally keep in mind that two other
zombies used lengthy albeit close range
knives which are technically less powerful
than the long range flail from daddy Buckner
you would do well to remember these facts as
it will only add to your future combat strategy
back at the lodge Curt alarms the other
characters and comes up with a pretty
intelligent plan to avoid the impending threat
he tells the others this "lock down the cabin"
"stay together" and "play safe" it's pretty good
however i would additionally add "arm yourself"
and attack and defend in teams
You see i think we can all agree
that zombies are some of the most difficult
things to kill and often even impossible
if you encounter the immortal ones then you
should always aim at chopping off their heads
arms or legs to cripple them and
lower their ability to threaten you
the easiest way this can be attained is
obviously through teamwork and mid-range
weapons like large knives, katanas my personal
favorite and bayonets an additional benefit of
using weapons like these is their stealth bonus
I mean let's be honest guys the cringe is real
when you see a character firing a double barrel
shotgun at the slow zombie in an open field
Since we have a fireplace in the lodge burning the
zombies might be a tempting idea i can understand
but you should always look for an alternative
because the only thing worse than a zombie is
a burning one since zombies don't feel pain and
won't lose consciousness due to carbon monoxide
poisoning a fire wouldn't really cause them
much harm until the body eventually falls apart
and turns into ashes however that takes quite
a lot of time basically a cremation process can
take up to three hours and that is in a narrow
heat proof chamber with consistent fire intensity
of 800 degrees celsius or 1470 degrees fahrenheit
for comparison the average household fire burns
only at around 600 degrees celsius or 1100
degrees fahrenheit meaning a burning zombie
in an open space would take a very very long time
to finally decay bad idea keep this in mind guys
however if you insist on burning a zombie
i can totally understand however then you
might as well use a propane torch or elon musk's
flame thrower i'll link them in the description
now unfortunately in the movie the characters
decide to split up regardless and so each one gets
locked up into their individual room suboptimal
but you know let's roll with it Owen Wilson
hold up no i mean Marty of course gets attacked
by one of the knife wielding zombies from before
it goes without saying that turning your back
to the window while being threatened by zombies
is probably the dumbest thing you could possibly
do even when believing you are in a reality tv
show surprisingly when the zombie snatched
Marty he didn't try to bite him by the way
meaning we can conclude that you won't
be zombified if you are getting bitten
scratched or covered in zombie fluids
still to be sure we should avoid any unnecessary
contact altogether the advantage here was clearly
the one-on-one combat and the mid-range baseball
coffee mug bong from Marty even if that weapon
wouldn't allow him to seriously injure the zombie
it could definitely be used to keep the zombie
at the distance for some extra time he decides
to run though which i generally consent to but
he lacked appropriate preparation for an escape
what i mean is since he wore a shirt it would
have been smart and probably easily possible
to take it off and throw it over the head of the
zombie while that may not cause eternal confusion
to the zombie it can definitely help to make
a successful escape without being taken out by
a throwing knife once you have gotten out of the
situation congratulations then you want to rejoin
your friends as soon as possible because everybody
knows hunting zombies is a team sport meanwhile
Dana and Holden find a way to reconnect by
breaking the one-way mirror from before which was
an obvious but nevertheless smart move underneath
the bed they find another trap door leading into
an underground chamber now for starters i wouldn't
be so careless in deciding that it's empty i mean
you're fighting zombies here in the very least arm
yourself with anything before hopping down just
in case using the lamp to glimpse into the dark
room was clever though down there our characters
explore the chamber very casually they look like
me looking for the milk at Tesco i mean you can't
underestimate angry crowds at supermarkets but
it isn't comparable to a zombie threat in tight
environment therefore lowering your guard is a big
no and the first thing you should have done since
you have entered that underground room is to grab
any of the weapons on the table preferably a long
range weapon like i mentioned many times before
and keep your guard up now even if the weapon you
choose won't be of any help and i will explain why
you still want to be as effective as possible in
both defending and attacking anything is better
than your bare hands especially when fighting
zombies so why wouldn't any of the weapons on the
table be of any help well when dana saves holden
from the zombie attack she grabs a knife from the
table and stabs the zombie countless times right
afterwards though we see one of the controllers
activates a switch that causes the knife in dana's
hand to emit electricity which most likely caused
the muscles in her hand to contract and ultimately
made her drop the knife she doesn't seem to notice
though probably because of the adrenaline rushing
through her body which as everybody of you knows
dampens any physical sensation by significant
margin this small detail lets us conclude that
all the weapons on the table are probably rigged
and therefore close to useless however when she's
somehow successfully immobilized steady Buckner
with the knife by the way good for her they
would have done well to grab his bear trap flail
as we have seen this weapon seems to be the
most terrifying use by any of the Buckner family
members so to gain this weapon means to gain the
upper hand here also chances are pretty good that
this weapon isn't rigged in any way at the very
very least they should have taken the chains
hanging from the ceiling strong chains like these
make excellent ranged weaponry as well as great
tools for immobilizing large strong enemies i
mean look at the guy here the perfect tool in
our situation so as they escaped the cabin and
ran to the camper and just like that stormed in
i i kind of lost it for a second right there
casually entering this unlocked vehicle amidst
a zombie attack like me stumbling into my
toilet at 2am is kind of risky business i
mean you're escaping zombies and not groupies
not that it's worse but i'm just saying
while to get to the camper and drive out of the
area is a logical assessment and probably the
best way to go here it is also true that none
of the Buckner zombies were quick in movement
which gives me the impression that our characters
could have afforded a quick break to analyze their
situation here in any way storming into a large
unlocked vehicle with comparably vast space where
someone or thing could hide is never a good idea
i mean even if you're fleeing from running zombies
and have no time to inspect the hideout of your
choice you should at least remain cautious when
moving forward deciding quickly and thoughtlessly
in risky situations often leads those to fail and
well in this case even death gotta stay calm yep
that's that's exactly what i'm talking about but
you know what before we continue let's go back a
little to see what happens to Curt well um i guess
that didn't turn out well either did it but i give
it an A for the effort and the B+ for originality
now if you are surrounded by an invincible force
field well that's that's pretty shitty not gonna
lie about that it's virtually impossible to escape
not that we've already invented this technology
but it does seem like the field into which Curt
crashes resembles nanotube technology and that is
a real thing just not very sophisticated yet i'm
not going into full details here because first of
all i would get probably most of it wrong and
secondly it would take a while but basically
nanotubes are a thousand times stronger than
conventional steel but just about one atom thick
pretty thin i know anyway since the controller is
locked down a tunnel through which our characters
have first arrived we can assume that the force
field is not omni present and therefore can be
overcome by digging a tunnel underneath it the
only problem is that's pretty much impossible
for our characters here i mean have a look at the
ground that looks like some solid ass-rock and
while i'm no geologist it somewhat occurs to me
that the type of rock looks pretty dense without
sharp tools like giant picks forget digging any
kind of tunnel here even if you had a bunch of
kids digging for you but fast forward to when
Dana crashes into the lake with the vehicle in
that situation forget about the zombie passenger
the biggest threat here is the sinking and rapidly
with water filling camper believe me when i
say this is not a joke you need to get out of
there as soon as you can no standard vehicles are
airtight meaning this would be a great opportunity
to test out the hyperventilation technique
i explained in our last video now the main
problem with the vehicle underwater is the immense
water load pressing against the doors forget being
able to open any of these your best and pretty
much only chance is to break one of the windows
through which you can fit dana however casually
opens the hatch which is definitely not possible
in real life to escape those circumstances you
need a car safety hammer somewhere in reach
even with fastened seat belts perhaps a knife is
a good choice as well for when you need to cut
through the seat belts first dana survives and
gets back up that poor girl obviously in agony
and despair she seemingly and understandably is
ready to give up just when our favorite bear trap
flail swinging zombie undertaker/Michael
Meyers hybrid appears and attacks at this
point i was pretty emotionally invested
as Marty saves her and they finally reunite
after exchanging the latest news about
their lives "what have you been up to"
they go underground to face their
punishers in a pretty epic final combat
Now i know what you want to see people the
monsters in the cabin in the woods were
pretty darn awesome i mean look at this dude right
here i wish we could have seen him more in action
looking at the blades in his
head and the puzzle in his hand
he is definitely inspired by the Cenobites of
Hellraiser the 1987 flick which to me at least
are some of the coolest monsters in terms
of background story then we got the angry
molesting tree and that i would like to
say that i wanted to see him in action too
i'm not sure what it says about me well in any way
whoever came up with this character or whatever
you want to call it has a pretty wild imagination
not sure if i ever want to meet this dude
and while i would love to go on about the monster
references in this flick we have to get dana and
Marty out of there first technically they did
an amazing job down there releasing all the
monsters and have them perched the whole place
was risky but nevertheless the only option with
an at least possible successful outcome it
surprises me that those in charge down there
don't run an emergency protocol if all monsters
should be released i mean for some reason they do
have those completely useless yet heavily armed
special forces right i could imagine something
like an abandoned strategy if the place should be
overrun by all the monsters like in our case here
there should be a way out for all the nine to
five workers down there i mean let's be honest
here guys would you work for this organization
without an emergency protocol and have the
endurance cover plan i don't think so if i were
in charge of this facility this is what i would
have prepared first i would have hidden explosives
at key points throughout the facility just like
Switzerland did during the cold war to seal off
the whole nation of its neighbors if necessary
pretty intense but i guess survival is key
secondly i have an emergency escape route for all
the employees that could be destroyed afterwards
after everyone has left that way everyone could
survive and the monsters would be trapped down
there even if just temporarily and lastly purge
the place of all remaining monsters that can
be killed perhaps acid rain, water flooding or
an artificial napalm inferno could be taken into
consideration if you have better ideas let me know
them please but anyway let's go back to dana and
Marty first after they run out of the control room
to escape the monster bat they stumble around
the facility not really knowing where to go
if it was me i would have decided to take the
elevator up again because i would prefer some slow
bulky zombies like the Buckners instead of the
horror that is lurking in every corner down there
back up you can at least enjoy your last
breaths at the idyllic lakeside shore
with decent moonlight and a decadent herby
cigarette all the while spending the last
minutes of the world in companionship of your
child's best friend it's pretty good um well yeah
the ancient ones that's that's a good question
people if you wonder how to beat them i guess i
guess this is the best solution with that thanks
for watching and i see you guys in the next one